docs: improve description of progress sources (#18234)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-source/postgres.md

The reported LSN should increase as Materialize consumes **new** WAL records
from the upstream PostgreSQL database. For more details on monitoring source
ingestion progress and debugging related issues, see
[Troubleshooting](/ops/troubleshooting/).

#### Progress details

> The progress collection describes which PostgreSQL messages are available in the
> source itself at a given time. Namely, all records from the WAL with LSN's up to
> but not including (i.e. `<`) the reported LSN will be considered.
> 
> This means that any queries that assess the source's progress collection will
> include all data from the source whose LSNs are described. You could, for
> instance, join a query of the source and a query of the progress collection to
> understand which LSNs have been included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The progress subsource describes which PostgreSQL messages are available in the
source itself at a given time. Namely, all records from the WAL with LSN's up to
but not including (i.e. `<`) the reported LSN will be considered.

This means that any queries against the progress subsource will
include all data from the source whose LSNs are described. You could, for
example, join a query of the source and a query of the progress subsource to
understand which LSNs have been included.
```
